It all began in May of 2018, Sam and Arsh were thinking for ideas for a competition called the Google science fair. After some intentence brainstorming, we came up with Cure Band. It is a device which detects irregular heart rate, alter people around you, relative and as well as emergency services. We decided to make this device as a few years ago, Arsh's grandfather suffered multiple cardiac arrests at home, instead of waiting for a solution for this problem we decided to develop it. We thought that this is a major problem in the current world, and we should develop something which could make this situation better. We also thought that this idea is much bigger than winning any sort of competition, and she would continues it no matter what.

After some key changes made in our team, Sam was the one who was coding the cure band, Arsh was the one who was making the hardware for the cure band and there was a new team member Neil who was the one do to all the research we would need to develop and make Cure Band a reality. While developing Cure Band, Sam heard of a competition and we thought that it would be a great oppurtunityfor us to enter and learn from it, even if we don't win we will learn alot from it. Now we had a deadline that we had make Cure Band by November 2018. 

We all had get on our sixth gear to complete cure band and get ready for the competition as well, We did complete a weird version of Cure Band and we also won the competition which was young founders summit. We got a cash priaze and decided that it will be used to develop Cure Band even more. After making a wired version of Cure Band, the next challenge we have is to make it wireless. 

We had divided this project in three major parts, First was coding, second was the hardware and circuit desgining, and thrid one was the metal mock up. Sam was coding, Arsh was making the circuit, and Neil was making the metal mock up. After soem days we got a message from a startup conference called RISE. First we had a call to see if we can get slected or not. After one week, we got a maill saying that we are selected! taht was a huse thing for us as we are only 14 year olds who are trying to make a change in this world, and we are getting recognized for doing so. But if we wanted to go to this conference we had to make a minimum viable product. We were on the right path to do so, until we got to know aabout the protests taht were happening in Hong Kong and we thought that it is not safe for us to go to this conference if the protests continue, and it did hence we could not go to Hong Kong. I don't think that this will slow us down from being change maker and making cure band a household device. We will keep learning and developing cure band as now it is something more than juts our passion.
